The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
We need to rent a room for our party.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The lake is a long way from here.
This is a Japanese doll.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Christmas is coming.
Wow, does that work?
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I want more detailed information.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Mary plays the piano.
She did her best to help him.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Please wait outside of the house.
Two seats were vacant.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Hurry!
Is it free?
I am never at home on Sundays.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She advised him to come back at once.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The book is in front of the table.
How was the math test?
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The river stole the gods.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway."}